story01 (#1)
alem-platform/bootcamp-js: story01/equality-conundrum/README.md

> # The Equality Conundrum
> 
> You’ve stumbled upon the Abstract Equality Conundrum, where the rules of equality get a bit fuzzy. Your mission is to create a function called `abstractEquality` that used to compare two values and determine if they are abstractly equal, even if the types differ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The Abstract Equality

Your mission is to create a function called `abstractEquality` that compares two values and determine if they are abstractly equal, even if the types differ.
```

Reviewer: тут тоже ссылку на типы
